upm-3161: configurations to secure your cluster (#2055)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/administering_cluster/04_customizing_policy_ definitions.mdx

1. Select a policy initiative in the list and click **Edit assignment**.  

1. On the Edit Initiative Assignment page, click the **Parameters** tab.

1. Clear the **Only show parameters that need input or review** check box.

1. Configure your default ASC policy parameters to only allow BigAnimal's specific configurations. Use the parameter values specified in [Customizable policy definition parameters](#customizable-policy-definition-parameters) to update the parameters.

1. Select the **Review + create** tab at the top of the wizard.

1. Review your selections, then select **Create** at the bottom of the page.

You're now ready to monitor, identify, and remediate non-compliant resources to improve the compliance state of the resources in your subscription.

#### Customizable policy definition parameters

While customizing Azure policies, refer to the following list of recommended parameters and values that are based on BigAnimal's resource configurations. 

Use the values below each parameter while configuring the default ASC policy of a subscription. 

!!! Note
    
    JSON values are provided wherever applicable.

> - **Allowed service ports list in Kubernetes cluster**:

Reviewer: We should have descriptions accompanying the settings here, I think - we shouldn't ask the customer to do this _completely_ blindly :)

Author: Added a little more colour to the recommendations for customising the policy initiative.

      "readOnly": true
    },
    {
      "pathPrefix": "/lib/modules",
      "readOnly": false
    },
    {
      "pathPrefix": "/usr",
      "readOnly": true
    },
    {
      "pathPrefix": "/etc",
      "readOnly": true
    }
  ]
 }
 
 ```

### Other recommendations from Microsoft Defender for Cloud 

Microsoft Defender for Cloud (which now includes Azure Secure Center and Azure Defender) analyzes the configurations of your Azure resources to identify potential vulnerabilities.

You might still see recommendations from Microsoft Defender for Cloud even after customizing your policies and remediating non-compliant resources. See the following sections to understand why Microsoft raises the following recommendations.  

#### Restrict unauthorized network access

- **Usage of host networking and ports should be restricted**

 BigAnimal runs containers that use the node network namespace to monitor network traffic statistics of Kubernetes cluster worker nodes. To prevent traffic sniffing and configuration changes to the worker node system, BigAnimal has removed all security capabilities for those containers. 

- **Virtual networks should be protected by Azure Firewall**

>  BigAnimal does not enable the Azure Firewall. Instead, BigAnimal uses Azure Network Security Group whitelists to specify permissible inbound and outbound traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 BigAnimal does not enable the Azure Firewall. Instead, BigAnimal uses Azure Network Security Group allowlists to specify permissible inbound and outbound traffic.
```

Author: Fixed.

 If your organization requires an Azure Firewall for compliance purposes, contact [support@biganimal.com](mailto:support@biganimal.com).

#### Manage access and permissions

- **Privileged containers should be avoided**

>  BigAnimal must run some containers in the privileged mode for control plane functionality, such as securing and monitoring the application.

Reviewer: We should probably make a stronger statement here, something about how those privileged containers never have inbound network access, etc.

This comment goes for all of these recommendations, really - we should gesture towards compensating controls for each. "Running containers as root user should be avoided" is a good example of the compensating controls language.

Reviewer 2: @moiznalwalla I think @ba-edb is asking a pattern like this:
```
Running containers as root user should be avoided, but to achieve some management functionalities like securing and monitoring the application, BigAnimal requires to run some containers in the privileged mode
```

Reviewer 3: Committed changes in an attempt to address this comment.

Reviewer: Can you link the commit? I don't see these comments reflected in the PR.

#### Implement security best practices

- **Kubernetes clusters should disable automounting API credentials**

 Microsoft recommends disabling automounting API credentials to prevent a potentially compromised pod from running API commands against a Kubernetes cluster. 

 BigAnimal creates service accounts and roles with the least privileges for Kubernetes operators and operands to prevent this scenario.

#### Enable auditing and logging

Microsoft recommends enabling diagnostic logs in Kubernetes services, Key Vault, and Virtual Machine Scale Sets.

BigAnimal does not enable diagnostic logs for Kubernetes services and Key Vault, but it does enable diagnostic logs for Virtual Machine Scale Sets. Resources managed by BigAnimal are logged in Virtual Machine Scale Sets logs. If you must enable other logs for compliance purposes, contact [support@biganimal.com](mailto:support@biganimal.com).

#### Enable enhanced security features

Microsoft Defender for Cloud now includes the capabilities of Microsoft Defender for open-source relational databases. 

BigAnimal does not enable any of the following capabilities:

> - Microsoft Defender for servers

Reviewer: Should "servers" be capitalized?

Author: It isn't capitalised in the MSDN docs here. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/defender-for-cloud/defender-for-servers-introduction.

1. Select a policy initiative in the list and click **Edit assignment**.  

1. On the Edit Initiative Assignment page, click the **Parameters** tab.

1. Clear the **Only show parameters that need input or review** check box.

1. Configure your default ASC policy parameters to only allow BigAnimal's specific configurations. Use the parameter values specified in [Customizable policy definition parameters](#customizable-policy-definition-parameters) to update the parameters.

1. Select the **Review + create** tab at the top of the wizard.

1. Review your selections, then select **Create** at the bottom of the page.

You're now ready to monitor, identify, and remediate non-compliant resources to improve the compliance state of the resources in your subscription.

#### Customizable policy definition parameters

While customizing Azure policies, refer to the following list of recommended parameters and values that are based on BigAnimal's resource configurations. 

Use the values below each parameter while configuring the default ASC policy of a subscription. 

!!! Note
    
    JSON values are provided wherever applicable.

- **Allowed service ports list in Kubernetes cluster**:

>  Restrict services to listen only on ports used by BigAnimal, to secure access to the Kubernetes clusters. BigAnimal uses the following ports to send data requests to Kubernetes clusters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigAnimal runs services on several ports in Kubernetes clusters in your cloud account in order to provide the BigAnimal services. The following ports must be allowed:
```

 ```js
 ["5432",  "9402",  "443", "8080",
   "9090",  "3000",  "8443",  "9443",  "9100", "9201", "8088"]
 ```

- **Allowed AppArmor profiles**:

> To limit container actions, BigAnimal recommends you to use the default AppArmor security profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigAnimal requires the `runtime/default` AppArmor security profile to properly function:
```

 ```js
 ["runtime/default"]
 ```
 

- **Allowed capabilities**: 

Restrict the capabilities to reduce the attack surface of containers in a Kubernetes cluster. 

> BigAnimal runs containers with very limited capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigAnimal generally runs containers with very limited capability to limit the attack surface of Kubernetes clusters, but requires some capabilities to function:
```

 ```js
 ["FOWNER"]
 ```

- **Max allowed memory bytes in Kubernetes cluster**: 

Enforce the following container memory resource limits to prevent resource exhaustion attacks in a Kubernetes cluster:

>  `6Gi`

Reviewer: This, and the CPU limit setting, seems like a bad idea. We could choose in the future to use resource limits to manage Postgres clusters, and this would completely break that.

Reviewer: Right - we should remove both of these items.

Reviewer 3: done

title: "Customizing Azure policy definitions"
---

Azure Policies help you monitor, identify, and remediate non-compliant resources. Azure automatically assigns a default set of policies to each subscription. If required by your organization, you can further customize these default Azure policies to match BigAnimal's resource configurations. 

!!! Note
    BigAnimal does not customize your Azure policies to prevent conflicts with external workloads.

### Customize default policy definitions in Azure

> Manually perform the following steps in each of your Azure subscriptions:

Reviewer: This should read something like, "in your BigAnimal-enabled Azure subscriptions", yes?

Author: Fixed.

You're now ready to monitor, identify, and remediate non-compliant resources to improve the compliance state of the resources in your subscription.

#### Customizable policy definition parameters

While customizing Azure policies, refer to the following list of recommended parameters and values that are based on BigAnimal's resource configurations. 

> Use the values below each parameter while configuring the default ASC policy of a subscription. 

Reviewer: Is "ASC" still accurate here? They've renamed the product, right?

Author: Yeah, but strangely they have stuck with the ASC nomenclature in the default policy assignments.
